I"m
<p>In the blog before the end I will talk about nothing but as if it were the last blog and that’s a lie.
I could say that a beginning, a middle and an end, that is very simple in it’s narrative structure, can be a beautiful thing, can be satisfying, but I wonder.
What will I write if I end it here, what will happen if I go beyond the end and keep on plotting this scheme, sometimes being bored with the usual narrative in movies stories and the like. Sure, even something that has a predictable storyline, where you can guess when what will happen, can be fufilling, but why does it seem to be such an often thing?
You can seek inspiration from everything and create something original, being careful of the fine line between originality and commonness, this is quite possible. Yet why does almost every fantasy story with goblins and dragons and elves and orcs and knights and the like, medieval or futuristic, all inspire from the one thing, the one ring? Like I said in the last blog post, knowing nothing can be a very good thing when you try to create something. Having no inspiring figure, you can only rely on yourself and your own experiences which will always be unique. If I were a scientist and couldn’t find an alternative to a problem I couldn’t solve, I would seek help from somebody who knows nothing about science or math. 
If I were an artist I would seek inspiration from the simplest of things or from logic or from a non-artist. A person who knows nothing about anything can truly be the only one that
can look outside the box. Logic and pure intuition might be sides of the same coin. Being foolish might be the best way to solve and unsolvable problem, doing things that make no sense
might be the answer to originality.
But this blog isn’t about all that. I just want to see what happens when the main story ends and the plot is culminated, what happens to the characters and the world after that.
And so I haven’t read the last pages of the book yet, but I can predict what will happen. This makes me feel good that I will get there in the end and see for myself how the story culminates.
It also makes me slightly feel that I wanna leave the ending to my imagination and never finish the book, but I promised to myself, so I will. 
What would happen to the old man at sea? He might succeed in catching the biggest fish or he might not. What this part of the story shows the best is that it’s not the ending that matters most, it’s also just the try and the trial. The will or the method to oblige yourself do something no matter how much time it takes and in the end you know you tried your best for what matters to you.</p>
:ET